docs: adds depends_on (#185)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/manifest.mdx

- `args`: add build arguments, which are environment variables accessible only during the build process. Build arguments with a value containing a `$` sign are resolved to the environment variable value on the machine okteto is running on.
- `export_cache`: image tag for exported cache when build.
- `cache_from`: list of images to import cache from.

> - `depends_on`: list of images that need to be built first.

Reviewer: What happens if there's a dependency cycle? Do we detect it? (Image A depends on B, and image B depends on A)

Author: Sorry for the late response. Yes, we detect it and throw a proper error

> if a `<service>` name includes the symbol `-`, in the corresponding `OKTETO_BUILD_<service>` environment variables, the symbol `-` will be replaced by `_`.  For example, if `<service>` is `name-with-hyphen`, the environment variable names will start with `$OKTETO_BUILD_NAME_WITH_HYPHEN_`.

> > Okteto will automatically add all the build environment variables from previous builds as a build argument. To refer to them, remember to add the `ARG` instruction on your Dockerfile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Okteto will automatically add all the build environment variables from previous builds as build arguments. To refer to them, remember to add the `ARG` instruction on your Dockerfile.
```

> if a `<service>` name includes the symbol `-`, in the corresponding `OKTETO_BUILD_<service>` environment variables, the symbol `-` will be replaced by `_`.  For example, if `<service>` is `name-with-hyphen`, the environment variable names will start with `$OKTETO_BUILD_NAME_WITH_HYPHEN_`.

> > Okteto will automatically add all the build environment variables from previous builds as build arguments. To refer to them, remember to add the `ARG` instruction on your Dockerfile.

Reviewer: What do we mean by "previous builds"?

Author: The builds of the services that has been already build (the ones that are under `depends_on` section)

> > Okteto will automatically add all the build environment variables from previous builds as build arguments. To refer to them, remember to add the `ARG` instruction on your Dockerfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Okteto will automatically add all the build environment variables from all previous images in the dependency chain as build arguments. To refer to them, remember to add the `ARG` instruction on your Dockerfile.
```
